There were many people I have never seen at the wedding.
She was able to visit him on a regular basis.
We are on good terms with our neighbours and I want it to stay like that.
for the time being, we'll have to do without the internet.
I have to hurry. I want to be in time for the new presentation.
What's the matter with you. Is there anything on your mind ?
The murderer was sentenced to life imprisonment.
When we looked out of the window on Christmas Day we saw that the ground was covered with snow.
I prefer tea to coffee.
He failed his driving test a few times, however, in the end, he passed.
I'm afraid the manager is not here. He is in France on business this week.
He ran down the stairs and opened the front door.
The best view of the city is from the top of the castle, but you have to climb up a steep hill to reach it.
If we work as slow as we do now we'll never find a solution to the problem.
We were very surprised at  the price of food in the restaurants we went to on our holiday .
There was a beautiful old castle by the river.
Britain became a major seapower under Queen Elizabeth I.
Please fill out the form carefully in pencil.
Mike usually plays tennis on weekends.
There is great demand for fresh products.
Princess Diana died in a car accident.
He still cares about me just as much as when we first met ages ago
We stayed at a great hotel in London.
They fought over politics the whole evening.
We had fun throwing rocks across the river.
The teacher told me to hand out these papers to the rest of the class.
They agree on many things
The children spend most of their time out of doors.
Tom is really fed up with his job.
She is very popular with her classmates.
He took pleasure in watching his grandchildren play in the garden.
When milk turns sour it gives off a horrible smell.
They were forced to give in to the enemy.
I always like to sit in the front of the car, not on the back seat.
There are usually many parties on New Years' Eve.
You look worried . - Are you in some sort of trouble? - Yes, in a way. I'm in debt and my creditors want to be paid by the end of the month, and at the moment I haven't any money in the bank.
The driver skidded into the tree, the windscreen was smashed and the driver was cut in the face by splinters of glass.
How do I get to the public library? - Go to the end of this street and turn right ; turn left at the next traffic lights and then take the second turning to your right
Mrs Jones is very keen on punctuality. Her lessons start dead on time and you get into terrible trouble if you are late.
Don't leave your luggage in the corridor. It'll be in everyone's way. Bring it into the compartment and put it on the rack.
He was charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol.
How do you get to school ? - It depends on the weather. on wet days I go by tube; on fine days I go on foot.
The car stopped at the traffic lights and wouldn't start again so the driver got out and pushed it to the side of the road.
Children get presents at Christmas and for their birthday.
The old man was very angry over the delay.
An while you're onto it , why don't you write my Christmas cards too ?
The huge boulder crashed down on the car.
The talks broke down when the enemy decide to pull out of negotiations and go home.
I told her in her face exactly what I thought of her.
This is supposed to be a socialist country, but it is socialist in name only.
Why have you got a pet like that in your house ? - I wanted something out of the ordinary.
His house is to be sold by auction.
She takes great pride in her work.
He was the sort of person who immediately made you feel at ease.
I'm sorry but I am not at liberty to tell you any more.
John has got a very strange taste for clothes.
He is sensitive to the needs of his daughter
The professor specializes in criminal law.
The lion came towards me so I quickly got into the car.
She emigrated to Israel.
Towards the end of the holidays all parents wish their children had school again.
They love to walk in the country.
She left for Spain last Monday; she should be there by now.
There is a little town in Italy where wine spills out of a fountain once a year.
The ship was last seen off Cape Horn.
The thief sneaked out of the house
Don’t sit in that armchair. It’s broken.
Do you know any songs by the Beatles?
He is responsible to his boss for what has happened.
The girl was disappointed at her mother’s decision.
She lives with her grandmother in a little college near the sea.




Many people today are worried about drugs. It seems that more and more people are getting addicted to dangerous substances, such as heroine , crack and cocaine. 
This damages their health. But what leads to people becoming drug addicts? Why do people inject drugs into their veins? 
In some cases it is the inability to cope with problems they may have in their everyday lives.

When we complain about the problems that hard drugs cause, we need to remember that people suffer from all kinds of health problems caused by legal substances , like alcohol and cigarettes. 
We would all benefit from more education and the government should attempt to make sure that we know all the risks involved.

                                                    $$$$$$$

I am very fond of my husband, Harry. I have been married to him for over 30 years now. 
He still cares about me just as much as when we first met ages ago, when I had got lost and I asked him for directions. 
He was so kind to me and offered to drive me to wherever I had to go. 
It was love at first sight and since that time my relationship with him has been wonderful.

Harry is proud of me because I have been so successful in my job as an artist. He has never been jealous of my fame. 
I really adore him for supporting me so much. Every evening we chat with each other about the day's events. 
We do argue sometimes , like other couples, too. But whenever I have an argument with him, we start laughing after a short period of time and both apologize to each other for getting so angry. 
I simply can't imagine life without him.

                                                    $$$$$$$

My younger sisters, Mary and Julie , are identical twins. Although they are very similar to each other in many ways, they differ in other ways. 
They agree on many things; for example they are both fond of pets so they have a lot to talk about. 
When they first went to school our mum and dad insisted on them being put in different classes. 
Mary is now good at gymnastics and art but Julie is hopeless at anything practical. 
Mary knows a lot about history and geography but is not interested in sport. 
Her teachers say Julie is probably going to succeed in something artistic like painting, whereas Mary will probably end up doing some kind of research work.

                                                    $$$$$$$

Roald Dahl, who died in 1990, is still one of the world's best-selling authors. 
His short stories for adults are known for their unexpected endings. 
Alfred Hitchkock's movie Man from the South was based on a story written by Dahl. 
However, Roald Dahl is probably most famous for the dark humour in his popular children's stories, such as Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Fantastic Mr Fox.

Roald Dahl was a very organised man. He always worked for two hours: from 10 until 12 in the morning and from 4 to 6 in the afternoon. 
He always wrote in pencil and when he started writing for the day, he insisted on having a few sharp pencils in a box by his side.

Dahl enjoyed writing for children. He said that children's jokes still made him laugh . This was also the reason for his great success.

in 1925, when Roald was 9, he went away to boarding school. There he became very homesick and quite often found himself in trouble. 
The world now knows that Roald was clever
in making up stories. But instead of seeing a future author in the young boy , English teachers in his school were very disappointed with his work. 
Throughout his school life, teachers complained that he was terrible at spelling and that he could not get his thoughts on paper.
